hey whats up guys today i have my 6.5 k
subscribers contest results I'm really
sorry this video wasn't out sooner I
have been very busy with school lately
haven't had much time to cube let alone
make videos so it's really sorry about
that but without further ado let's just
get right into our contest results
starting off with the video contest the
winner the first winner is presto cuber
who made a really funny video on how to
speed cube it was super entertaining
very well edited I was laughing the
whole time so I will link you in the
description to his video so you can
check it out give a like subscribe to
him really really awesome video so for
you you get to choose between a $25 the
cubicle us card or the mo you out twin 5
by 5 so it's really up to you so make
sure you leave in the comments section
which one you would like and then I will
personal message you and give you
further details on how to claim your
prize and then the second winner who
gets whatever presto cuber does not want
is a sm 2641 and their video was things
every cuber says it was really
entertaining as well i found myself
saying all of these stuff before as well
so congratulations to you I will find
out what presto cuber wants and then I
will personal message you what you ended
up winning between what he wanted or
didn't want so congratulations to both
of you your videos were hysterical I
will link both of them in the
description so you all should go check
them out and subscribe to both of them
so next moving on to the comment contest
we I pulled up the random comment pic
picker I have no idea why i
mispronounced that but I pulled that up
already and I already took like before
the video started i processed them so i
have two winners right here the first
one is andrew le cubes i'm not sure if
that should be Andrew
cubes but besides the fact you are
winner number one and you win the mo you
pyraminx and then winner number two is
jaybird j-a-y bird 20 25 or 20 25 so
your winner number two and you win the
mou Guang long three by three which is
the new three by three from YJ / mo yo
congratulations to both of you and thank
you both for commenting I'm really sorry
for everybody who did not win I will
hopefully be having another contest soon
so stay tuned for that I'm not sure when
it's going to be at what milestone but
it should be hopefully soon so thank you
everybody who entered the contest and be
sure to just stick around and wait for
the next one so that's basically all for
the contest portion of this video this
was a really really good average for me
it was a 12.24 I believe and I'm not
sure what average of five there wasn't
there but i'll put it in the description
of the video but this was really good
like I'm not used to getting averages
this good that alone on camera this is a
new camera angle it is when I decided I
wanted to try out my mom just recently
bought herself a GoPro so shout-out to
my mom for being hip but she bought this
and I'm like can I borrow that cuz I
don't know why she bought it but she
bought it for herself and I really
wanted to borrow it so I thought I'd try
it out for an angle I did have to zoom
in using a I movie because the GoPro
doesn't really soom so my I guess I have
a really long neck or something because
it looked really really far away and I
like closer up videos so it might not be
the best quality now that I've zoomed in
but let me know if you like this angle
better or just me using the other thing
I can't decide which one I like better
so just let me know what you think of
the angle of this video and that would
be really helpful just so I know what to
do for the written the next averages I'm
going to be doing cuz if
you didn't know about this i am going to
be starting a new series all about three
by three and my improvement on it so i
want to make sure i have a decent angle
for you all to view it at so thank you
all so much for watching and I'll see
you in my next video bye